Implement the client side of the Addon (#11)
ynput/ayon-shotgrid: README.md

This project provides three elements for the Ayon pipeline:
 * server/ - The Ayon Backend Addon.
 * client/ - The Ayon (currently OpenPype) desktop integration.
 * services/ - Standalone dockerized daemons that act based on events (aka `leecher` and `processors`).

> In order to use this intergrations you'll need to run the `python create_package.py` script which will create a folder with the current version in `ayon-shotgrid/package/shotgrid/0.0.1`, you then have to upload the `shotgrid` directory (included) unto your Ayon instance, in the `/<server root>/addons/shotgrid` path, this should trigger a restart of the server, otherwise do so manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use this intergrations you'll need to run the `python create_package.py` script which will create a folder with the current version in `ayon-shotgrid/package/shotgrid/{addon version}`, you then have to upload the `shotgrid` directory (included) unto your Ayon instance, in the `/<server root>/addons/shotgrid` path, this should trigger a restart of the server, otherwise do so manually.
```

Reviewer 2: intergrations -> integrations
unto -> onto

## Server

> Once the instance has restarted, you should be able to enable the addon by going into the `Settings > Addon Version > Shotgrid Sync` and choosing `0.0.1` in the `Production` dropdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the instance has restarted, you should be able to enable the addon by going into the `Settings > Addon Version > Shotgrid Sync` and choosing uploaded version in the `Production` dropdown.
```

If the Addon loaded succesfully you should be able to see a new tab in your `Settings > Shotgrid Sync`.

Before proceeding some information has to be provided in the `Settings > Studio settings > Shotgrid Sync` page:
 * Shotgrid URL
 * Shotgrid Script Name
 * Shotgrid API Key

Refer to the [Shotgrid Documentation](https://developer.shotgridsoftware.com/99105475/?title=Create+and+manage+API+scripts) to set these up.

> ## Client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Desktop application
```

> When launching Ayon for the first time you'll be asked to login with your Shotgrid Credentials, make sure you have the correct settings in `Shotgrid Account Settings > Legacy Login and Personal Access Token` otherwise the login might fail.

Author: People are still to provide a login so that the api is created with `sudo_as_login`, but no credentials needed, updated to reflect that.

> When launching Ayon for the first time you'll be asked to login with your Shotgrid Credentials, make sure you have the correct settings in `Shotgrid Account Settings > Legacy Login and Personal Access Token` otherwise the login might fail.

Reviewer 2: in our studio we don't want people using yet another dialog, we directly use the $USER env var that every machine boots up with when an artist logs in so there should be a way of disabling it

```

# Usage

> With this Integration you can perform the following actions:

Author: Since there are more things than just the addon (i.e. services) I though integration made more sense.

> With this Integration you can perform the following actions:

Reviewer 2: fair, I found it weird that you capitalized it, maybe it should just be `integration`
